Add links to ocaml tutorials (#1905)
ocamllabs/vscode-ocaml-platform: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> - Add links to OCaml tutorials and exercises from ocaml.org (#1905)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the plugin's side panel, add links to OCaml tutorials and exercises on
  ocaml.org. (#1905)
```
